Documentation for UI (#6722)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/ui/auth_admin.rst

.. _ref_ui_auth_admin:

==========

> Auth Admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth admin
```

You can make this change globally, unless there's a case where a title is a proper name (e.g., `EdgeDB Cloud`). I don't think there are any cases of that here.

I think I've registered before that I don't love this convention we have of sentence case titles… but I love it slightly more for now than I would love a big PR to change them all to title case, so I guess that's where we are.

==========

The auth page inside the EdgeDB UI allows you to set up authentication for
your app built into the EdgeDB server. The details for setting up auth

> admin are in their own guide :ref:`here <ref_guide_auth>`.

Author: Hmm, I could go either way but my first impression is that Auth is still more of a guide than just a documented item and it would feel a bit weird to have a page in the Guide section that just links to somewhere else. But then again, bringing it under the UI makes the UI seem that more impressive as a tool and having a section in the UI that just links to somewhere else is also a bit weird!

Although the tie-breaker to prefer the current layout for me is probably that when you click on Auth under Guides there is a nice submenu that shows that Auth has a certain independence (e.g. "Email and password" via a user's own UI) that makes it a little more than just a part of the UI. So it does feel like a semi-autonomous feature that just happens to *usually* be used through our UI. I'll ping @raddevon to see what he thinks too.

> admin are in their own guide :ref:`here <ref_guide_auth>`.

Author: Related: I just slipped in a tocdepth change for auth from 3 to 1 so that the Overview page just shows the following three instead of all the submenus:

Select your method for detailed configuration:

* Built-in UI
* Email and password
* OAuth

> admin are in their own guide :ref:`here <ref_guide_auth>`.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, now that I think about it, we already have a better place for reference-level documentation about the configuration values themselves: the Reference section! Consider this comment withdrawn, but open to more discussion here.

I'll defer to @raddevon about the `tocdepth` thing.

> admin are in their own guide :ref:`here <ref_guide_auth>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
admin are in the :ref:`EdgeDB Auth guide`.
```
